Oh, I didn't expect such a person to exist
Who is he?
Oh, gross!
How much is it?
100 ah oops
Who is it? How can such a disgusting woman live?
Yes!
I don't have a daughter like you
I will never be your mother again
Uncle, did you let An Tong go to the company to make trouble?
Now you are satisfied
I'm out of work
Empty has also been returned.
Everything I had was ruined by you
It's not that I didn't have a freshman year.
Why did you put my picture online?
How do you want me to live?
If you can't live, then die
Tell you you can't live without a man, right?
Don't you look at other people's security
Have a face
To work to work
How about you, a yellow-faced woman?
You're not even a KTV lady
If you don't have a man, then go to hell
Husband has an accident, you see
What do you do?
Run!
Yueyue